# Meeting 07/28/2015

Moderator and Notes: @johnnyman727, Attending: @frijol

## Agenda

- Manufacturing update
- Nodebots recap
- Onboarding update
- Developement update

## Notes

- CE and FCC certification failed. FCC failed because T2 wasn't able to be put in 802.11n mode for somne reason. #action-item @tcr will invesitgate and hopefully fix. #action-item @frijol create issue and announce this delay in the TWIT. Issue is here: https://github.com/tcr/t2-packetspammer/issues/1. Seeed is helping make a simple modification to pass CE testing. Delay is currently unknown but likely 2 weeks+.
- Nobody used T2 for Nodebots day because it was easier to get started with T1. Many of the folks at the event were still learning JavaScript and would likely have been tripped up by small bugs with T2.
- Onboarded Ravi - wants to help with anything related to OpenWRT. He is already commenting on relevant issues with suggestions. Kelsey gave Dave Nugent a T2 to share with the Pubnub team to prep material for when T2 is shipped. The 91 T2s came in and we can start mailing them out to Team Members who don't have them. #action-item Jon should send the T2s out.
- Kelsey has organized the CLI milestones and created a ship list on Firmware. Asked @rwaldron to look at them and confirm the list is accurate. #action-item for @rwaldron to check out the t2-firmware milestone list if he hasn't already. 
- Jon started working on `t2 update`. It's about 10% complete (you can update OpenWRT from the command line) but will require more refactoring than initially expected. @johnnyman727 expects it to take two weeks.
- Of the CLI milestones, "Continuous Tesselation" is one issue from being complete. #action-item for @tcr to implement hardware integration tests this week. "Complete Speculation" is about 67% of the way through - most of the remaining items are small fixes or features.
