Meeting: https://github.com/tessel/project/issues/84

Facilitator: @johnnyman727
Notes: @frijol

Attending: @tcr, @rwaldron

## How do we make onboarding better?
* Links are messed up/the order of things is weird/there's missing information
* How do we make people comfortable asking questions? Might be edge casey, but need to be careful about this and make sure

##How do we do better internal community?
* Hangout for team members?
* Want to see them, who are these people?
* Guided discussion, not feel like wasting their time

##What do we do with OpenWRT?
* Put in more effort on GH, on OpenWRT thread with attempted fixes to keep bumping up the issue. Generate noise about it.
* Get a consultant from OpenWRT?
* Reach out to people who have used this chipset, esp. those who have passed FCC (e.g http://www.linino.org/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/grant.pdf)
* Reach out to people who understand the Yun
* Test on a Yun
* Can we get a testbed from Mediatek?

##How many Tessel 1s can we sell?
* What's our minimum quantity?
* Set a max we sell to any given entity
* SAP is buying 40
* Tweetmonkey wants 50... we don't have many
* Tell people we're putting all our resources into T2 rather than T1
* Can we ship no FCC? 90% sure it's a software config issue, could push out an update. Silkscreen says "FCC cert" on it so we'd have to figure out how to roll this in.


# Action items

* @johnnyman727 make an issue on the onboarding repo where we comment with our processes
* @johnnyman727 one-off hangout: team members, how can you best contribute to ship?
* @johnnyman727 @frjol @rwaldron get in touch with each team member you've onboarded and let them know about T2 update/check in
* @tcr put in public effort trying to fix FCC issue
* @tcr make more clear walkthrough on the issue about how community members can help
* @tcr @kelsey write TWIT, be more specific with backers regarding
* @kelsey get Seeed contract from Jia and read it
* @jon bring @tcr a couple of Yuns, @tcr test
* @rwaldron test packetspammer on Linino (get walkthrough instructions from @tcr)
* @jon get back to Azure re how many Tessels they need to run the hackathon
* @tcr invite new Team Member & become a mentor
* @jon create a doc outlining what should be in a Team Member invitation email
* @jon create a doc for how to publish modules as technicalmachine
