Organization-level review per https://github.com/tessel/project/issues/117

Tim, Kelsey, and Jon


LEADING QUESTION:

Where is our mission statement?
We are no longer a company selling a product - The website should reflect as that

We expected people to have negative reactions to us being a company

We feel okay as we learn about it as we know it
Validation in talks

Are we making useful progress toward our mission?
Does our structure work well?
How are we doing in being constructive and inclusive?
What's after Tessel 2?
Mission: Create a fully open-source HW SW platform to develop devices. Freely licensed designs and tools.

FCC issue:
1. Language barrier.
2. VPN in for collaborative fixes
3. Investing time and money co-location.

Set two yearly goals in 2016.

Community and technical? Update website to reflect status of project.
Conversation: how do we promote the open source code that we have?
Conversation: Why dod we support open source?

Tessel supports Open Source we want people to build upon our work and steward more connected devices.

Org structure
Team Members... communication, confusion, checking in, and more.
People doing well: physical check-in with people.
Do we wait for T2 to be released? Work is more relevant to more people?
People exposed to bugs with Tessel.
Ownership of sections of code.

Using T2 should increase amount of code contributions...
Changed onboarding PR to: publicly accountable action of what you want to own on Tessel
Difference between expertise and assignment/urgency
How to get back from that "sorry"
Stewarding returns from long-term absences
@channel it for working on stuff right now?
In-person component extra-curriculars
Numbers game: get more people to contribute
More in-person meetups

Inclusive communities in terms of documentation. Inclusive: anyone who wants to, can. Diversity, we do pretty poorly. Women who code-type events?
mirroring / getting more involved in the jQuery Foundation.
Explicit goals about inclusivity?
Managing people who do want to contribute, timely reviews, PRs, CLAs...
Do we have goals for getting people engaged?

What's after Tessel 2?
We have options:

Split out the hardware section
Pursue Tessel Reach
Pursue another Tessel incarnation
