# Meeting 2015-06-03

## Agenda
* Update on community involvement in events (Kelsey)
* Update on new collaborators (Jon)
* Update on hardware development
* Update on software progress and next milestones
* First Run Experience [#43](https://github.com/tessel/project/issues/43)
* Follow up on "why is this still open" issues ([#35](https://github.com/tessel/project/issues/35) and [#24](https://github.com/tessel/project/issues/24) and [#16](https://github.com/tessel/project/issues/35))
* Using Slack
* Binary compilation
* TWIT
* TWIT goals for next week

## Notes

### Getting the Community Involved in Events

Kelsey sent out a blog post for review about support with blog post and conferences. Tim gave a ton of feedback already but would appreciate a quick look through.

- Action Items for Tim: Video talks to link
- Action Items for Kelsey: Update Presentations repo with more talks
- Action Items for Kelsey: Release the Blog Post that she already wrote

### Getting More Collaborators 

Jon sent out emails to relevant folks who would be great Collaborators and got responses from some very talented folks. He will be giving them commit access and continue working with them to get started as need be.

### Hardware Update

We had 15 new Tessel 2 boards come in - 13 worked out of the box, 1 literally had a broken clock, and 1 was soldered improperly by the manufacturer. They have been fixed so we have 15 more dev boards. There were some quality issues in terms of soldermask and some other properties and the hardware team is working with the manuf. team on that. Everything is looking good so far. Jialiya is running tests on all existing modules to make sure that we are ready for production. Kevin and Eric are writing tests for the Tessel Testalator. Then they will head out to China to oversee production.

### Software Update
Tim received fantastic Windows Support for Tessel 2 VM and USB Support from @ondreian. 

- Action Item for Rick: to control an Arduino using JohnnyFive from the Tessel 2 VM. Rick said that the request is outlandish and totally appropriate. Tim should ping Rick from an issue (so Action Item for Tim: make the issue)

Tim has been working on "Tessel development without a Tessel". The "t2-compiler" is a local compiler for developing software module with binary dependencies. Not to be used in production (with the CLI) but useful for development right now. Parts of it will be re-used for swapping in binary modules. These pre-compiled binaries will eventually be replaced on a remote binary server. Can target the Tessel 2 board and the VM. Next steps are to make sure Windows support is added to the t2-compiler. Experiment what t2-run is like if it's automatically pulling in binary modules. More important is to get USB modules working (specifically, Audio/Video).
Rick has been doing some work on `tessel rename` and polishing it up. 
Jon has been cleaning up `tessel list` and adding unit tests (heavily inspired by Rick's unit tests)
We hope more collaborators will continue forward progress while Rick and Jon clean up and add tests.

### Tessel 2 First Run Experience
FRE for Tessel 2: Tim thinks we should keep the original Tessel 1 and base Tessel 2 off of it. But add a few more examples of the expanded capabilities (Twitter, Firebase, USB, etc.)

- Action Item for Tim: set up t2-start which will be the Github page where the FRE will live for now. Everyone starts contributing examples and details as they are ready. People can make issues about what need to be addressed and suggestions, etc. Kelsey will be the owner of this.
- Action Item for Rick: get started on Fritzing

### Reviewing outstanding Github issues that we've already talked about...

- Action Item for Tim: Go over the Contribution Guide
- Action Item for Tim: update #35 into relevant rebranding issues and close #35.
- Action Item for Rick: Twitter change: Change the @technicalhumans account to @tesselproject. Then change the @tesselproject account to @technicalhumans and have a bot that points any mentions to the new @tesselproject. 
- Action Item for Tim: Get the SSL Configuration on digital ocean and switch to Fastmail
- Action Item for Tim: Get a rick@tessel.io account that forwards to Gmail?
- #24 is still open, pending an update
- Action Item for Jon: Will take information from #16 and codify it 
- Action Item for Jon: send out invite for next meeting (Tuesday at noon)
