# Meeting April 19, 2016
Moderator: @johnnyman727
Notes: @frijol
Attending: @tcr

## Agenda
[https://github.com/tessel/project/issues/148](https://github.com/tessel/project/issues/148)

## Notes
### Should we keep some Tessel Project stock at Whiplash?
* Useful for us to be able to access stock and send it to ourselves/contributors within a few days
* Jon & Kelsey's garage is not a good solution
* We have to pay Whiplash something like $15/mo for keeping stuff on shelves
* How much stock do we want?
* Price breaks on 50 or 100x T2s, how many would we want?
* Can we sell some of the modules back to Seeed? This would give us a lot more cash liquidity (and we don't need a stock of hundreds per module). This is something Seeed is amenable to
* Modules we don't want to get sold (BLE, Camera, etc.) don't get sold to Seeed. Need to figure out what to do with these eventually (donation?)
* Answer: basically, yes, we want to arrange for some stock at Whiplash. Kelsey will work out the details. Jon will sell back extra modules to Seeed.

### Current top issues with Tessel 2
* Installation issues are still the top
* USB drivers that we compile against are compiled against Win 7, @tcr is trying different approaches. Recompiling node-usb for Win 10 might work out of the box. A few more possible solutions to explore if it does not.
* The USB issue seems to be the only real Windows issue, though there are corner cases (individuals' weird firmware and update levels)
* Seen some success in the forum thread re Windows installation using Zadig
* Linux has also had some issues, @rwaldron said last week he'd get someone from Bocoup to help
* Would be great to get a champion of installs who could set up CI to ensure installation works on various platforms (anyone reading these notes: interested in taking this on?)
* MDNS is still challenging for some people. @hipsterbrown has been working on this, and we are learning more about how this all works.
* Node 5.x: currently it's not supported. Someone should investigate why.

### TELEC
* @tcr: we're basically ready to go, but it would take ~2 hours of writeup to send to Seeed. Should I focus on Windows install or this TELEC writeup?
* Focusing on Windows install, it's more urgent
* TELEC is important to do once Windows stuff is more fixed

## Action items
* [ ] @frijol write up a quick doc on what stock we want to keep at Whiplash and what the costs look like
* [ ] @johnnyman727 will work out a deal with Seeed re selling modules back to them
* [ ] @tcr fixing install process for Windows (USB)
* [ ] @johnnyman727 use #team-members and #community to find a champion for cross-platform installation CI. @tcr will eventually want to be involved with this
* [ ] @frijol see if there's anyone in #community who is excited about Node 5.x support and wants to work on it
* [ ] @johnnyman727 make an issue on Crash Reporter repo: should include OS version
* [ ] @johnnyman727 invite potential new Team Member
* [ ] @johnnyman727 make sure that everyone who deserves a hoodie gets an opportunity to request one
* [ ] @tcr figure out how shipping works for hoodies (does the manufacturer ship to individuals or are we dealing with this?)
* [ ] @frijol fix [resellers page issue](https://github.com/tessel/tessel.io/issues/67#issuecomment-212069462)
* [ ] @tcr figure out why there's only one USB build on AWS right now
* [ ] @johnnyman727 talk to Seeed about making sure T1 modules (e.g. Camera) are not good for T2
* [ ] @tcr comment on Windows 10 forums thread (again)
