# Meeting 2016-10-25
Moderator: @tcr
Notes: @hipsterbrown
Attending: @rwaldron

## Agenda

https://github.com/tessel/project/issues/218


## Notes

**Reach Spec:**

Everyone is quite busy but the spec is published for review with another round of edits on the way, including diagrams, interactivity examples. The hope is to inspire more feedback and review. 

**Rust on tessel blog post:**

Now that local Rust compilation and subsequent patches are released, a work-in-progress demo with a servo and accelerometer module is part of the write-up and should be ready by next week. 

**Hacktoberfest:**

Several issues have been label across Tessel repos and some have been worked on already. There is still time left in October so the TWIT will still go out this week to encourage contributions. We will follow up with a thank you TWIT in November. 


**Windows 10 Bootloader Issue:**

The main issue (https://github.com/tessel/t2-cli/issues/1037) seems to be DFU drivers missing in fresh installs of Windows 10. @tcr will look into potential fixes outside of [Zadig](http://zadig.akeo.ie/) but that fix is available for now. PR is in progress to add installation instructions and catching this error in the cli. 

**Free Software Foundation endorsement criteria:**

Not sure about the benefits. We can't promise that everything will be freely available across hardware and software in the Tessel project. We are able to communicate the goals of our project based on our current licensing, documentation, and hardware choices. 


## Action items

- [ ] @tcr make a blog post about Rust on tessel
- [ ] @rwaldron public airing of dirty laundry re code test coverage merge by next meeting
- [ ] @hipsterbrown Next TWIT, include speaking JSConf Asia + more
- [ ] @hipsterbrown (Captive Portal RFC Blocker) Post in #engineering about openwrt routing packages feed
- [ ] @all Keep tabs on Hacktoberfest items and encourage active contributions. 
- [ ] @tcr investigate Windows 10 bootloader issue
