# Meeting DATE
Moderator: @HipsterBrown
Notes: @frijol
Attending: @tcr @rwaldron

## Agenda

https://github.com/tessel/project/issues/217

## Notes

* @tcr has been working through the Rust PR for T2-CLI for the last week, wants to finish out unit tests today + tomorrow. This will let people compile locally via the CLI
* This should unblock Rust for Hacktoberfest contributions too
* Reach: @tcr just started an RFC, wants to get SC feedback and then to post this for discussion to #reach-wg for detailed spec discussion. What pieces do we need, and why?
* @rwaldron has been working on code coverage analysis. Lots to do when a machine tests you :). Some things will "fail" anyway e.g. if/else statements, so it is currently a noisy report. Need to add "ignore" statements where appropriate
* @rwaldron suggests 100% test coverage for a 1.0 of t2-cli
* @tcr we support Yarn as of today (there was a small oddity fixed). Yarn doesn't replace NPM, but a lot of devs are going to switch to it and a lot aren't. Will likely need to take on additional maintenance as it arises, probably very little.
* Judgment call on reimbursing #reach-wg people for ESP boards - we don't want anyone to be held back from contributing b/c of money, but also don't want a blanket reimbursement policy (can get abused). Will play by ear.

## Action items
* @tcr make a blog post about Rust on tessel (pending CLI merge)
* @all have a look at @tcr's Reach spec https://github.com/tessel/rfcs/pull/4 comment via GH issues
* @tcr suggest changes to RFC format on RFC repo
* @frijol write a baseline initial agenda for working group first meeting
* @HipsterBrown make Hacktoberfest labels on contributor-labeled issues
* @rwaldron public airing of dirty laundry re code test coverage merge by next meeting
* @hipsterbrown Draft/write a Captive Portal RFC. (kicked to next week)
* @hipsterbrown Recruit people for Tessel.io redesign
* @hipsterbrown Add signup for TWIT + slack to website.
* @hipsterbrown Tweet out Hacktoberfest
* @hipsterbrown Next TWIT, include speaking JSConf Asia + more
* @tcr when next TWIT sent, cancel SendInBlue
