# Meeting 2/23/16
Moderator: @rwaldron
Notes: @tcr
Attending: @johnnyman727, @frijol

## Agenda
[Agenda](https://github.com/tessel/project/issues/134)

## Notes

### Misc
* Welcome to watching Kelsey awkwardly eat spaghetti
* `tessel-av` is a lot of fun and moving along

### jQuery Foundation
* Royalties from Tessel may complicate the Foundation arrangement
* We leverage jQuery for IP arrangement, but are using Bocoup for FCC filing
* What differentiates sale of merchandise from physical goods

### Last Week's Agenda
* TELEC issues rollover to this week
* Jon succeeded in setup script for US Celery orders
* Module sale arrangement is a go
* Decided not to apply for GSoC
* In touch with Grove manager about adapter

### Assembly status
* Debating payment arrangement and schedule
* Assembly is moving along regardless

### Time Resources
* Jon is currently tasked with a large number of items
* How can we reduce our bus factor?
* How can we prioritize issues better?

### Event inventory
* @flaki + @hipsterbrown will be at JSConf Budapest
* We will want to source these from Seeed / Celery
* Rick, Kelsey, Jon also need to bolster inventory

### USB modules
* Video, audio modules are up next
* @hipsterbrown is on the 3G module integration with CLI

### Shipping dates
* We've shipped some boards! :fireworks:
* We are still getting details from Seeed about payment
* Hopefully we can just confirm the schedule we've prepared and release it


## Action items
* [x] @johnnyman727 Arrange a call with jQuery Foundation
* [x] @tcr Draft email and post info to TELEC listing
* [ ] @rwaldron Follow up with Passopolis signup
* [ ] @frijol Figure out what a Hackathon set consists of
* [x] @frijol Finish the mass storage example this week
* [x] @johnnyman727 Inform Fedex of our estimated timeline
* [x] @johnnyman727 Ask Seeed the "status of sending modules", "status of adding Tessel to store", and "putting missing modules on their store"
