- Manufacturing update
  - 2600 boards built
  - Jon working with test rig fixing
  - seeed router is terrible? bad wifi
  - current issue: 
    - 30% are not booting 
    - believe this is a manufacturing error
    - Jon has requested 70% be sent to whiplash
    - requested 20 sent to us
    - Send to Kolker? Yes
  - Jon has a series of tests to run on the fail boards


- Milestones?
  - Rick recaps tutorial updates
  - t2 cli merge? No word yet
  - PWM needs attention
  - PulseIn needs attention
  - t2 cli merge? No word yet


- Ops compensation?
  - $2k for Jon
    - Rick: yes
    - Tim: yes
    - Kelsey: yes



- Approval for buying modules
- hackathon pack?
  - Yes set that up



- Action Items
  - [x] @johnnyman727 Arrange a call with jQuery Foundation
    - Needs follow up?
  - [x] @tcr Draft email and post info to TELEC listing
    - Did it
  - [x] @rwaldron Follow up with Passopolis signup
    - NOPE
  - [ ] @frijol Figure out what a Hackathon set consists of
  - [x] @frijol Finish the mass storage example this week
  - [x] @johnnyman727 Inform Fedex of our estimated timeline
  - [x] @johnnyman727 Ask Seeed the "status of sending modules", "status of adding Tessel to store", and "putting missing modules on their store"


- Team Member Gifts
  - 

- Jon and Kelsey traveling from March 10 - April 17



- [ ] @rwaldron going to try to work on PWM
- [ ] @rwaldron address passopolis before Jon and Kelsey leave
- [ ] @rwaldron to confirm usb modules in use in tutorials
- [ ] @frijol create a hackathon pack
- [ ] document amazon referral links
- [ ] @johnnyman727 & @frijol will sort out shed and figure out inventory
- [ ] Ask team members for sweatshirt sizes
- [ ] @johnnyman727 to write up contract for ops compensation
