# Tessel SC Meetings Notes August 8 2016

- **Moderator: @johnnyman727**
- **Notes: @HipsterBrown**
- **Attending: @frijol, @tcr, @rwaldron**


## Agenda

[https://github.com/tessel/project/issues/191](https://github.com/tessel/project/issues/191)


## Last week's action items

* [x] @frijol check in w/ potential project champion re Reach!!
* [x] @hipsterbrown work with @frijol to get customer feedback
* [x] @tcr move forward on email sender migration
* [ ] @hipsterbrown and @rwaldron move forward on captive portal
* [x] @tcr document TELEC test
* [x] @johnnyman727 clean up issues on CLI
* [x] @frijol add issues to all repos that they need CoCs
* [x] @frijol do a Meet a Tesselator on self

## Last week's items

- @frijol has reached out to a potential Reach project champion, got a response with further questions to clarify to intent and purpose of Reach. Hopeful we can bring them in to help answer those questions. Will continue to communicate with them. :star2:
- @tcr SendInBlue is the best alternative to MailChimp moving forward, hopefully full switch in the next 2 weeks. :email:
- @tcr TELEC test will be done by tomorrow/this week. :ok_hand:
- @johnnyman727 closed several dozen stale issues :clap:
- @frijol created CoC badge issues for nearly _every_ Tessel repo :tada:
- @frijol created a [Meet a Tesselator post](https://github.com/tessel/this-week-in-tessel/pull/36) :eyes:


## This week's items

@johnnyman727 to @tcr, can you update your [Window's fix gist](https://gist.github.com/tcr/992978a5dbe5bff2e18f495c5c0973c3)? 

### Repo Maintenance 

@frijol what repos are still relevant? Can we remove some of the Tessel 1 repos? Or uncompleted projects? When making global changes to our org, like adding a CoC badge to README, there are a lot of projects that have not been touched in a while.

@tcr what does it mean to have an unmaintained repo? How do we make that apparent at a glance?

@hipsterbrown How can a community member claim a repo to maintain?

@tcr We should have standard copy for unmaintained repos and how to claim them. We can try it out on tessel/cc3000-async.

### Money & TesselCamp

@frijol Did we ever get money from Seeed for sold Tessels and modules?

@hipsterbrown Got an estimate from TesselCamp co-working, $350/day including food and coffee.

@rwaldron Bocoup might have some budget in the Web-Connected Devices department for sponsoring

### Bittersweet news

@johnnyman727 working more on a new project/company related to climate change, will be stepping down from Tessel Steering Committee after TesselCamp but will continue to contribute to the project. 

## Actions Items:

- [ ] @tcr test sweatshirt designs with women as well before approval
- [ ] @hipsterbrown draft TWIT with at least survey, @frijol interview, and @johnnyman727 post
- [ ] @johnnyman727 publish language deployment post
- [ ] @tcr send out test mailer with SendInBlue
- [ ] @hipsterbrown captive portal RFC draft done in 2 weeks
- [ ] @tcr update Window's fix gist
- [ ] @tcr draft PR to create unmaintained notice copy on tessel/cc3000-async
- [ ] @johnnyman727 email Jasmine about Seeed money
- [ ] @rwaldron look into budget for TesselCamp co-working space
