# Meeting September 21, 2016

Moderator: @rwaldron 
Note-taker: @tcr
Attending: @frijol, @hipsterbrown

## Discussion

Coding best practices
- We should decide on good practices for Rust and JavaScript.
- Testing, CI, and API compatibility is how we'll pursue this.
- Would love high-level surface / semantic comparisons.
- Following up in "discussion" issues in tessel/project would be great.

Node 6 Support
- We made it in time for the next LTS release!
- CLI support for t2-cli works
- Binary support is also merged into t2-cli as of the next release
- We need a practice build of OpenWRT to test Node 6

Module Tutorials
- We'd like to move these over to docs inevitably
- Start experience feels a bit weird "lifted" into docs—needs testing

New Team Members
- Welcome @noopkat to the Tessel Team! :confetti:

Shipping things to contributors
- Requests on #team-members for distributing hardware to specific persons
- We should re-up on Tessel stickers

RustFest
- Talk went well—slides posted online
- We need to address SDK/cross-compilation issues
- Picked up some contributors interested in writing modules
- CLI support can pick up SDK downloading and Cargo building

Seeed Revision
- We have a new USB power switch and RF chain inductor
- We need to ensure T2 works as usual:
   - Still powered over USB
   - Turn on/off power to USB ports (ppps)
   - See if it can be powered by +5V from source
   - Ensure wifi still works, has same level of bandwidth + reception

## Action Items for Next Week:

- @johnnyman727 Send Seeed device to Rick
- @rwaldron Follow up with Jory about next meeting
- @hipsterbrown Draft/write a Captive Portal RFC. (kicked to next week)
- @hipsterbrown Recruit people for Tessel.io redesign
- @frijol Tell us Tales from the Storage Locker. Acquire Reach.
- @frijol Test out Accelerometer docs.
- @frijol, @hipsterbrown Schedule meetings with new team members. Add to TEAM-MEMBERS.md
- @frijol Place new orders for stickers
- @frijol Organize Learning WG
- @tcr #engineering discussion about Tessel II
- @tcr Acquire Reach from Kolker.
- @tcr "Meet a Tesseler" about yourself.
- @tcr Post Reach specification draft to WG
- @tcr TELEC testing
- @tcr Send it out TWIT demo
- @tcr Add SendInBlue to Passopolis, add information to this-week-in-tessel README
- @tcr Add signup process to website
