# Meeting 05/10/2016

Moderator: @tcr Notes: @rwaldron Attending: @johnnyman727, @frijol


Agenda https://github.com/tessel/project/issues/156

## Last Action Items

* [x] @johnnyman727 will make another attempt at finding install champions
* [x] @johnnyman727 Confirm working "winusb" firmware on Linux, merge, then release to Seeed
* [ ] @tcr Place order hoodies
* [ ] @tcr Investigate Derek issues
* [x] @tcr Renew technical.io
* [ ] @rwaldron Organize hangout with Derek
* [x] @rwaldron Work with Jon about the Rust compilation toolchain
* [x] @rwaldron Check Windows instructions by 3:30 PST
* [ ] @frijol Order inventory
* [ ] @frijol Publish results next week of ideation doc
* [x] @johnnyman727, @rwaldron, @tcr Review next steps document and improve it






## Order inventory

Kelsey ran into some issues, but I couldn't hear her well enough.

- Willing to sell at distributor price. 
- Seems ridiculous, because that's more than what we sold them for
- Jon to get in touch with them. 



## Windows

No progress.

- A "clean" windows box, with a brand new T2 should work fine.


## Telec

Need to set a date to get it done. 


## Releasing a new build and replacing the golden image on our testalator server

- Merging firmware
- Jon is walking wyze through releases
- Jon will put the result of their walkthrough on the testalator server



## Any other major issues?

- Crash Reporter?
  - Rick will make this opt-in if it doesn't start behaving
- Windows
  - No change
- Telec
  - No change
- Releasing
  - No change
- Ambient module still gettig confused about updating
  - Jon still working on this, but it's a known issue. 


## Finances

Need to draft content for FINANCES.md file



## Buying Stuff From Seeed At Cost

Jon emailed them, but haven't heard back? Needs to look at emails and see what needs responses.




## Action Items

* [ ] @tcr Place order hoodies
* [ ] @tcr Investigate Derek issues
* [ ] @rwaldron Organize hangout with Derek
* [ ] @tcr to follow up on Windows instructions feedback from @rwaldron
* [ ] @frijol Order inventory
* [ ] @tcr to make an issue about filling in FINANCES.md
* [ ] @tcr update the fractal/reach document
