# Tessel SC Meeting Notes - August 17th, 2017

- moderator: @tcr
- notes: @hipsterbrown
- attending: @frijol, @rwaldron

## Agenda
https://github.com/tessel/project/issues/325

## Last Week's Action Items

* [X] @tcr make an issue for a welcome page for the website
* [X] @tcr break out a couple of small edits that can be done on the tesselwww repo to see if it is accessible
* [ ] @tcr figure out a workshop with RGSoC
* [ ] @frijol and @tcr see if there are any conveniently located/timed conferences in the NY/Boston area that we might speak at around Tesselcamp
* [ ] @all think about goals for Tesselcamp
* [X] @frijol discuss T2 versions with Seeed
* [ ] @frijol ask Seeed about the OEM item in Seeed products
* [X] @tcr try some improvements to SC agenda/notes automation of process

## Agenda

**Rails Girls Summer of Code (RGSoC):**

"Developing with new hardware is hard."

The RGSoC team is working with the ESP32 but stuck on get started. They could really use some hands-on help.

**Website:**

Tim started a new website prototype using hexo (https://github.com/tessel/tesselwww). 

What can we do to start iterating on this new site?

**Seeed:**

New contact at Seeed is very helpful with new packaging and correcting the product names in stock (no more weird TELEC naming). 

What are the manufacturing costs? 
    - the contract states nothing about covering manufacturing costs since we only receive royalties from board sales

**Tessel Camp:**

Rick: Fix t2-release to have more consistent and reliable firmware + image releases. 
    - having a bunch of users to pair on testing and solving this issue

Rick: Atom / editor plugin to integrate with t2-cli deployment and tracking changes (inspired by Xcode and webpack-dashboard)

How do we interest more contributors in attending?

Any Reach-type project we can hack on during the event?

## Action Items

- [ ] @tcr: Start a ESP32 workshop for RGSoC team
- [ ] @hipsterbrown: try out `tesselwww` README and report any issues
- [ ] @tcr: setup [beta || something].tessel.io domain for `tesselwww` staging
- [ ] @frijol: ask Seeed about the OEM item in Seeed products
- [ ] @frijol: inquire about unexpected manufacturing costs from last email
- [ ] @all: check out calendar dates for Tessel Camp
