# SC Meeting for May 16, 2017

Moderator: @Frijol

Notes: @hipsterbrown

Attending: @tcr

## Last Week's Action Items

- [X] @rwaldron Update tessel.io deployment issue
- [X] @tcr Talk about summer plans in the next meeting
- [X] @tcr Updates about next meetings with Boaz
- [X] @frijol receive updates from Seeed about sales data

tessel.io deployment is now working! :clap:

We will now receive quarterly sales updates from Seeed. 

## Rails Girls Summer of Code Plans

@tcr: What are we expecting from this program? What work should we have prepared for our team?

GUTS (Great Uses of Tessel in Stuff) projects are an ideal starting point for our Team to pick up how Tessel works and what Tessel can do. We can also give them Reach prototypes to test how those boards can integrate into projects. As technical needs arise within Reach or Tessel, the Team can work on fixing those issues. 

We could have weekly / bi-weekly check-ins to hear about their progress and give feedback on how to accomplish their summer goals. 

Initial question for the team: "What have you always wanted to connect to the Internet or interact with over the Web."

"Dream Big"

## Working Group Updates

@tcr Reach: I2C working! :tada: WiFi is up next. As 

@frijol Production: No updates yet but Seeed should be working on the bare-board model now.

@hipsterbrown Website: Let's plan a group design session over video chat, similar to the Reach WG kickoff meeting. 

@tcr Rust: Backgrounded until we can work on the compilation issues. 

## Action Items

- [ ] @tcr Set up next meeting with Boaz
- [ ] @tcr Look up Technical Machine internship documents
- [ ] @hipsterbrown Plan a group design session for Website
