# Meeting 2018-02-05

Moderator: @tcr

Notes: @hipsterbrown

Attending: @frijol

## Agenda (https://github.com/tessel/project/issues/362)

- RGSoC Check-In
- Tesselcamp Check-In
- Auto-Compiler Work in Progress

**Last week's action items**

* [ ] @hipsterbrown get in touch with Boaz from Bocoup to 1) check in 2) either get more access or more support from the foundation such that we don't have issues like the forums issue we are having. By next week please!
* [ ] @tcr devise/deploy next steps for forums when we have that ability
* [ ] @tcr schedule a block of time for us to all work together
* [ ] @tcr let @frijol know by tomorrow if you want to be RGSoC mentor
* [X] Everybody: think about Tesselcamp dates, does the week before Memorial Day weekend work? Try to nail this down in the next week or two

## Notes

**Rails Girls Summer of Code**

Tessel has been selected as a project with @frijol as the core mentor for another year.

A helpful resource from last year's experience is collecting open issues as a backlog of work for our Rails Girls team to check throughout the summer.

We can look back at last year's team write-ups to learn about what worked and didn't work for other teams in the program.

To figure out what projects we can propose for the teams, we should look into our priorities and create a framework around the steps towards accomplishing the final product, i.e. learning about API design on the road to shipping Rust crates for the Tessel modules. 

**TesselCamp in May**

We are currently looking for some week days before Memorial Day. 

**Auto-Compiler Work in Progress**

@reconbot and @hipsterbrown started work on the t2 auto-compiler of binary packages from npm. The original approach had some scaling issues against npm and our AWS infrastructure. The updated approach should be easier to follow for team members and allow for additional features like on-demand builds of packages from t2-cli. 

They will continue to work on it and get some thing launched in the coming weeks. 

## Action items

- [ ] @hipsterbrown still needs to reach out to Boaz for foundation check-in
- [ ] @tcr to look into why SC-bot is down
- [ ] @tcr to look into alternatives for self-hosting the forums
